CLOUDP-282641: Addding example for saving OAuth token (#478)
mongodb/atlas-sdk-go: docs/doc_4_authentication.md

	AccessToken: "yourTokenHere"
});
```
### OAuth Token Cache

> Service Account OAuth Access Tokens are valid for an extended duration of 1 hour. 

Reviewer: Just in case this number changes
```suggestion
Service Account OAuth Access Tokens validity is expressed as a number of seconds in the  `expires_in` field. 
```

> Clients can cache these Access Tokens to mitigate rate limiting and adhere to Access Token limits.

Reviewer: do you have a link documenting such limits?

> For instructions on caching OAuth tokens in the Atlas SDK for Go, see the Service Account OAuth Token Cache 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example on how to cache and reuse OAuth tokens in the Atlas SDK for Go, see the Service Account OAuth Token Cache 
```
